do not
hello youtube friends talk to you on and
link and I bring you good news for
all celta the legend fans
of zelda improves more for 3ds could
announced on December 21, 2012
this is friends the remake of all
we hoped we could advertise for that
day the rumors about the arrival of
improvement more for 3ds are not new since
the same launch of ocarina of time
3d fanatics up close have speculated
with the great Nintendo also will
bet will bring the original game of
nintendo 64 to the 3ds laptop but now
the possibility that they make the remake
increases according to nintendo in your account
twitter officer of Nintendo of America
nintendo tweeted a message that was
erased quickly reopens the
possibility of remake from better to more
who less than what we all believed by
a few seconds the followers of
the nintendo account could read this
message and Celtic fans at dawn
of the final day a game that will turn out to be
family will be announced for nintendo
3ds
in attention on Friday this message
it could be true because the same
Friday the soundtrack will be re-released
that the improvement more than the composer
specialized in doing reissues of
great video games of nintendo teopan and
just in the re - launch of the band
sound nintendo could have on your hands
the big announcement of the remake of improvement more
that if supposedly the
world
Nintendo will take advantage of the famous end
of the world to relate to the game and
announce it from that day until then
We'll have to wait for it to be announced
in my opinion it could be true of
announcement because it happened with the wii mini
was announced for a short time on twitter
and it was deleted and the wii mini was announced
so it could happen also in this case
Until then we have to wait for good
friends I hope you liked it
thumb up to the video comment and
subscribe